Quickly. Quickly, or we'll lose it.
Okay, okay. Almost there. Almost there.
Okay.
And... it's stable.
-Our Vitamin C face serum is ready.
It’s the same recipe
the girls in Blackpink use to make theirs.
Can’t argue with K-pop.
What?
Well, let me know if that's okay.
I'll definitely do that.
Oh, great, I just friended
my high school girlfriend’s husband!
Lahela, I think you should try
for Chief Resident.
You're already such a leader
among your group,
might as well make it official.
That’s not till third year.
Yeah, but it’ll be here
before you know it.
Father Time is
the most toxic male of them all.
You know, Chief Resident
was my first administrative position.
Not to brag, but I had two pagers.
Wow. Two pagers.
-That's, like, one-third a cell phone.
Chief Resident Kamealoha.
I like the sound of that.
Besides, me as Chief Resident,
you as Chief of Staff...
-could be pretty awesome.
-Yeah, it would.
Oh, no, a cadaver
first thing in the morning?
I hope our patients
get progressively more alive today.
Actually, it's a gift for all of you.
My favorite book.
As part of my campaign for Chief of Staff,
I'm sharing my all-encompassing
approach to medicine,
where you take the patient's entire
physical condition into consideration,
instead of just focusing on one symptom
or part of the body.
And this book explains how we do the...
Code Gold. Code Gold.
Front entrance of the hospital.
What's a Code Gold?
Code Gold is Dr. Lee's big surprise.
He flew in Dr. Arthur Goldstein.
The surgeon from Seattle
who 3D printed a heart valve?
Yeah, he and Dr. Lee were
in the same fraternity back in the day.
I can't wait to dig up all the dirt.
Look who's bringing in the top doctors.
Raising the hospital's profile
and keeping us on the cutting edge.
This has to get me Chief of Staff.
Calm down.
You're bringing in one doctor. For a week.
Uh, he's a cardiac savant.
The guy does heart surgery with lasers.
I don't know if it's safer,
but it's definitely cooler!
Well, I think I'm the lock
for Chief of Staff
because I mold our young doctors
into lifesaving machines.
Like Terminators,
but that keep people alive.
Dr. Goldstein has that covered too, okay?
He's at the forefront of peak performance
through biohacking.
My boy's even got a podcast about it.
You can hear yourself, right?
Oh, that's all I hear.
Hey, Dr. G! Thanks for coming.
Uh, anything for a pledge brother.
How could I turn you down?
You know all my secrets.
-I'm Dr. Hannon.
-Hi!
-I... Okay.
-Remember Havasu?
Oh, man. That was insane!
Uh, that's... Oh, please don't...
Keep on doctoring.
-Ooh.
-There you go.
-Okay...
DR.Nice wheels.
Nice to kind of meet you.
-Hey, Mom. They need you inside.
-Hm?
Gail from accounting
tripped over the books.
She said she'll forget the whole thing
if we give her cat hernia surgery.
Okay.
Hey, it's competition week.
The Aloha Surf Cup!
I get to live out my childhood
pro-surfer dreams.
Jeez, Dad.
I had a dream that I won the Super Bowl,
but then I grew up
and I went on with life.
It's not about winning.
It's the brotherhood
with the other surfers.
You know, in the ocean,
the competition just falls away.
And when it comes back,
I'm usually in the top ten.
The only thing
that does better than me is...
Nine other surfers?
The shave ice truck.
And for the first time,
you boys will be running the truck...
Solo.
Yes! The majors!
This is gonna be the best week ever!
Maybe better than the first week
my truck made a profit
when your mom
made me start charging people.
DR.Now, we'll pause here.
-This is the most delicate part...
-Wow.
-...of the procedure.
-Packed house.
Yeah. We're recording this
for his podcast.
"The Goldstein Standard."
-Okay... hi!
Okay, so... now the valve is in.
And this number in the corner
of the monitor is crucial.
It's my heart rate.
Never gets above 46 beats per minute.
Thanks to meditation, supplements,
and Goldstein Coffee
made with ghee, bee pollen,
and the green tea extract EGCG.
All regular practices to keep me calm
and hyper-focused.
You see, next to my bone saw,
my lifestyle is my most
important surgical tool.
Everybody, look under your chairs.
The Goldstein Standard
starter kits for everyone!
It's okay, you clap.
Thank you. Thank you.
This is great.
Usually, we don't get free stuff
unless someone dies
and no one comes to pick up their things.
-That's how I got my favorite shawl.
-Mm.
Okay, so, now let's see what it looks like
once the heart is stopped.
I wonder how he fits the valve.
If it's not perfect,
you could risk post-op ventricle tearing.
Great question. Ask him on rounds.
We have to ask him
about those black scrubs.
This year, for the first time,
I'll be offering a fellowship
to study with me in Seattle.
Now, we will cover
all the cardiovascular procedures I do.
And all my lifehacks as well.
Might even let you
take the McLaren for a spin.
Yeah, it's fast.
Now, I can only handle one fellow.
And, Dr. Lee, no, you cannot apply.
I don't have a seat, so this is mine.
Dr. Lee, put that back.
Guess this is yours.
ALOHA
SURF CUP
Welcome to the Aloha Surf Cup.
The morning heats will start shortly.
Surfers, stay close
and listen for your heat.
The elimination rounds start soon.
Aloha.
Benny Kamealoha, checking in.
Great. Let me see.
Benny Kamealoha...
There you are.
Good luck.
Sunset Division?
Does that mean I'm in the afternoon heats?
No. It's just the name
we gave to the senior group.
-Senior?
-Yeah, for the old guys.
Oh, hang on, there must be some mistake.
Look, I was top ten last year.
Sorry. It's in the rules.
Forty-five and up is the senior,
AKA, Sunset Division.
Sunset? Dude, I'm nowhere near sunset.
I'm like00 p.m., tops!
See for yourself.
Where does it say that?
Why is the font so small?
The Sunset Division's
just getting together over there.
SUNSET
DIVISION
Oh, my hip...
Oh, you're okay, boss.
Yeah...
And they use the buddy system
for extra safety.
Let me know if you want help carrying
your board over, Uncle.
-What?
-Let me know
if you want help carrying your board!
Sunset Division.
What about me is old?
Really just your age.
But it's not that bad, Dad.
Yoda was 900 and still the best Jedi.
Not funny.
Regret saying that, you will!
Hey.
Found my old Chief Resident badge!
When I had my Rachel haircut.
Oh, look at her.
No wonder Ross and Joey fought over you.
Hm. Yeah.
This morning, Lahela said
she was going to follow in my footsteps.
So I dug that up.
I thought she'd get
a kick out of seeing it.
-Lahela would make a great Chief Resident.
I know.
When I suggested it,
I was so happy she liked the idea.
We have been so in sync lately.
I've got Mom-mentum.
Which will immediately end
when she hears you call it that.
-- Hey.
-Hi, Mom.
-Oh, there she is.
I was just bragging about you.
Well, I will really have
something to brag about
when I get the Goldstein Fellowship!
Really? That... You...
You would be interested in that?
I mean, his medical expertise.
The technology.
I wanna learn all of it!
So, I'm going for the fellowship.
Yeah. He's doing
some interesting, innovative things.
But he seems more focused
on the flash and self-promotion.
Yeah, but, I mean,
how cool would it be to be
on the cutting edge of medicine?
Sure, but, Lahela,
your real strength as a doctor, is you.
Your bedside manner, the way you listen,
and help patients.
I just think you should be somewhere
that you can share that
with the most people possible.
That's just not
what Dr. Goldstein is about.
Yeah, but he has his own podcast.
And a line of mugs.
And, I mean, come on.
You've seen the man's car.
Sign me up!
It was a rental!
All right.
You guys man the truck.
I'm gonna go out there
and prove I still got it.
First Sunset competitor to get top ten.
Knock 'em dead, Dad!
Uh, that wasn't a pun
because you're in the old group
and someone might actually die.
I just meant good luck.
Uh-huh.
All right, I'll set up out here.
You get the truck ready.
I'm too young for all this power.
Heavy is the syrup crown.
-Morning, sir.
-Hey.
Red Flag's up.
Morning heats went out,
but we're calling it.
Big storms rolling in.
Sunset Division isn't going out today.
Can't take chances.
Old people are our greatest resource.
-Hey.
-Hey. Mr. Kamealoha!
You gotta get out there.
Because of the big storm rolling in,
they just red-flagged
the rest of the heats.
Bummer.
The waves are supposed to be
even bigger tomorrow.
Twelve-foot swells.
But even if they put up a red flag,
me and the guys are gonna surf.
You should join if you're up for it.
I'm up for it! For sure. Count me in.
You hear that?
You can't put a red flag... in here.
And if your mind wanders... that's good.
Bringing the mind back to the breath...
is the practice.
Just shut the world out.
Shut... just, shut it out.
Remember this feeling,
'cause we're going to
bring it into the OR.
DR.Extend your arms.
Let go.
And shake it out.
Let it all rush through you
and out of your body.
And now it's gone and we're clear.
Hands to your heart,
right hand out, slap it away.
Hand up, slap it away.
Beautiful.
You need some work. Beautiful though.
You'll get there, it's okay. You're new...
Let’s see this "Rock Star" surgeon.
There he is, in the black scrubs.
But don't look!
Yeah, he’s in shape.
Still a little nerdy though.
Ugh. He can do
heart surgery laparoscopically.
Without cracking open a patient's chest.
When you say gross stuff like that,
I get super light...
Whoa.
You almost fainted.
I recommend water, an orange,
and one Patrick Swayze lift.
All right.
Okay...
That was cool.
See?
My Mom-mentum is totally gone.
No, come on. You're overreacting.
PS, how long would it take this face serum
to make me younger?
Lahela has gone completely gaga
over Dr. Goldstein.
We used to be the ones
that bonded over Dirty Dancing.
@DR.KAMEALOHA
We've both always been about whole health
and helping as many people as possible.
But now she wants to go down
a different path.
This is just a passing fad.
Like how she used to be obsessed
with making slime.
I worry I'm losing her to the dark side.
Lahela?
Never.
Hey, guys!
What do you think of my new black scrubs?
I figure they will be perfect
for when I win the Goldstein Fellowship.
I thought you wanted to be Chief Resident.
Yeah, I did, but I don't know...
I mean, this seems
a little more exciting, you know?
-No offense.
-Yeah, no, of course...
Oh, it's so hard to keep
my heart rate below 50!
It just jumps up every time
I think about this fellowship.
Okay.
Dude, those are twelve-foot waves.
Maybe one of us should go stop him.
I'll go. You handle the truck.
Alone at last.
Awesome! You made it.
Of course.
Can't miss out on the twelve-footers.
Cool. I'll see you out there.
Dad!
Hey, what are you doing here?
-You should be helping your brother.
-Oh, he's fine.
Dad, don't do this.
Even I can see that this is a bad idea,
and I never know stuff.
I can handle it.
I've been surfing my whole life.
It's in my bones.
Yeah, but one bad fall
and all those bones might shatter.
Walter shouldn't even be out there.
What are you trying to prove?
That I'm Benny Kamealoha.
I'm one with the water.
Surfing is like breathing to me.
I am not old and weak.
I am peaking!
Oh, good lord.
My back went out.
I'll get the heating pad.
Hurry up.
Dude. Dad is gonna be so mad at you.
There's no punishment worse than this.
Hey, Charles.
Mind if I join you for your next patient?
Not at all! I would love that!
Painful abscess on the neck.
We'll drain it,
get him on some oral antibiotics,
and have him home soon.
Dr. Hannon, can I have the...
-Oh, my God, I'm so...
Are you okay?
Mm-hmm, I am.
You know, you did this to me
once in a dream.
It's not as bad as I thought it would be.
You know what... I'm good.
-Oh...
The Aloha Surf Cup final heat is underway.
Dad, it's the last day of the competition.
Why don't you get out there?
Nah. My time has passed.
Now, I'm just a regular,
everyday shave ice and flower truck owner.
Why do we ever go
into this dirty, dirty business?
Learning an age-old lesson.
Don't get high off your own supply.
Dad, this is your favorite week.
The camaraderie. The waves.
And just 'cause
they moved you up a division,
you're not gonna go out in the water?
People have been dragging you
out of the ocean
since you were old enough
to row yourself out there.
I mean, Mom still complains
about how you surfed the day I was born.
There was a storm
three miles off the island!
The waves were coming in high!
Your mom's water broke
but... not like those waves.
And you were there for both.
The two big loves of your life.
Your family and the ocean.
Now, here I am, your family,
telling you to go in the ocean.
Getting older is weird.
You feel in your prime, 26, forever.
But then one day,
you hear Biggie
on the Old School Pandora channel,
or your baby boy is giving you good advice
and six inches taller than you.
It all gets real.
And real... hurts.
Well...
take it from a junior
who can't wait to be a senior,
there's an upside to getting older.
Like, when I look at you,
I don't think "old," I think "vintage."
'Cause age makes you cooler.
Vintage.
-Never thought of it like that.
Plus, now that we're old enough,
we can run the truck,
and you can go and surf.
So...
Go smoke those fools.
Give me that.
Thanks, Kai.
That did not hurt.
All right.
Again, I'm so sorry.
Although, I'm from Philly.
-So, this wasn't my first stabbing.
It's okay.
Hm. I know you've been a little distracted
since Lahela's gotten
all chummy-chummy with Dr. Goldstein.
-Oh, that? I don't even...
-You're pressing really hard on my arm.
Sorry. I... it's just...
You think once you're a parent,
you'll have everything figured out,
but you don't.
If I'm being honest,
besides from just missing her...
I liked when she looked up
to me professionally.
You know, parents want their kids
to be proud of them too.
At least, I do.
That's what makes you a good mom.
I just worry she's making a mistake.
I had a "let them touch the stove
to learn it's hot" type of mom.
My older brother doesn't
even have fingerprints because of it.
-But...
...we were better off in the long run.
Well, I, I wanna be that mom.
But I fear Lahela
is losing her north star.
She's forgetting why
she got into medicine in the first place.
To help the most people.
I mean, she was nine,
but she had a very clear vision.
Well, if you really think she's headed
toward a fire and not just a hot stove...
Sometimes Mama Bears have to roar.
You're right.
I'm gonna tell her she can't do it.
Thank you, Charles.
-Ow.
-Sorry.
What's wrong, sweetie?
Dr. Goldstein said
he wouldn't even consider me
for the fellowship because of my age.
What?
That is not okay.
I know you didn't want me
to do it, but I...
Doesn't matter.
If you're the best person for the job,
it should be yours.
Mom, it's fine.
No, it's not.
Mom, what are you doing?
Look, I...
...I was only ten,
but the second the man
in the gorgeous Porsche
said I'm a heart surgeon,
I saw my whole future
just right in front of me.
-DR.Yeah.
-We need to talk.
Doctor, we're recording a podcast here.
You disqualified her because of her age?
Let me tell you something.
Dr. Kamealoha is the best doctor here.
Most potential by far.
You don't get to put limitations
on my daughter.
She's a talented doctor,
but my practice requires an almost
a monk-like control of your emotions.
A teenager can't handle
that kind of pressure
or maintain that type of focus.
Code Blue. Code Blue.
All available personnel, report to the ER.
Code Blue.
Okay. There's been a tour bus accident.
Dispatch said
the first ambulances are inbound.
Head wounds, fractures,
and a couple
of possible level-three traumas.
I'm here too. Let me know how I can help.
Great. First one up looks like
a compound fracture.
-Would you mind handling?
-Uh, got it. You two nurses, come with me.
No, no, no. You can't take two nurses.
Okay, uh, you, prepare an exam room
and call the attending anesthesiologist.
No time for that either.
This ER is about to be swamped.
-Doctor, I've been in this situation...
-Dr. G, stand down.
Lahela, you're up. Excuse me.
Hi. I'm Dr. Kamealoha.
I know it looks bad,
but everything's gonna be okay. Okay?
I need a fiberglass splint
and five milligrams of Diazepam to sedate.
Stat.
Oh, probable concussion here.
The EMTs immobilized the level-threes.
Hi, how are you feeling?
I know it hurts.
But it's actually good.
It means you're feeling something, okay?
Squeeze my hand. Good.
Squeeze my hand. Nice.
Clear.
Welcome back.
Dr. Lee, we have a rapid erratic heartbeat
over here that we can't bring down.
Have you tried Adenosine?
Yeah, but he's not responding.
He's still in SVT.
We might have to do something,
maybe put in a pacemaker.
-Prep the OR.
-Yes.
Looks like I'm playing
a doubleheader today.
I need a brain MRI
for possible concussion for her.
Is the pain shooting down your arm
or is it just in your neck?
And a C-spine X-ray
to rule out spinal cord damage.
Can I get a Kelly clamp
and mosquito forceps?
There's debris in this laceration.
-Here you go, Doctor.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
Start flushing while I go for this glass.
Hey, how's it going?
Hold on.
Is he in the Sunset Division?
Who let this kid in our heat?
Kid? You're calling me "kid"?
When were you born?
Too long ago to be in the main group.
The kid's funny too.
Well, come on. What are we waiting for?
Let's get in there.
Let's go!
Oh. Look at the whippersnapper
showing off his good knees.
Last time I ran like that,
this wasn't even a state!
Hey, check it out. Dad's happy again.
You should've seen last year,
I'm so small.
Oh, great.
Nope. I can't look up yet.
Yeah. You'll only do this three more times
before you learn your lesson.
That was amazing.
You were poised, you were in control.
I never should've dismissed you
because of your age.
You're a phenomenal doctor.
Thank you.
He offered you the fellowship?
He did.
But I turned it down.
Why?
Working that Code Blue with you...
reminded me of why I wanted
to be a doctor in the first place.
To help as many people as possible.
And watching how you lead us
through it all,
that's what I wanna do.
Look, I wanna be a baller and all, but...
what I really want is to be a leader...
like you.
-I'm gonna go for Chief Resident.
-Really?
Oh.
-You would be so good at it.
-Thank you, Mom.
You wanna make more face serum tonight?
I do. Your dad used up
our whole first batch.
Did he really?
-Yeah.
I love you so much.
My Mom-mentum is back.
-Your what?
-Huh?
-What'd you say?
No, you said something.
-You said something.
-I didn't say anything.
You said "Mom-mentum."
-What's that?
-I don't know.
That's not a thing.
Sometimes, stepping off the path
makes you realize
you were on the right one all along.
Another way to think of it is,
two paths diverged in the woods.
And I'm taking the one trail-blazed
by my mom.